Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. Krista Roberts

2. Why are you interested in Data Science?

I'm very interested in learning how to use data visualizations for process improvement projects. I have previous classroom experience with GIS, which I loved; however, the limited use of GIS in industry discouraged me from furthering those studies.  When I found out about the data visualizations that are being done with big data as well as the general move to data-driven decision making.  

3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?

While completing my undergrad, I took a course in Programming for Civil Engineers, which was Fortran based.  I'm currently enrolled in a SQL course.

During my professional career, I frequently created and altered my own Excel Macros using Visual Basic.

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?

I informally used some statistics in my previous job as a contracts compliance analyst.  Most of the statistical analysis that I performed were comparing a year's worth of transactions with the government to the contract pricing or delivery terms to find outliers.  These outliers were then further reviewed to check for potential compliance issues.

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?

I have some experience in R through self-study and partially auditing a big data course on Edx.

I have no previous experience with Python.

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?

I hope to learn R and Python to the level that I could use it to be sucessful at future employers as well as in future courses associated with this master's program.  I am also interested in learning how R and Python can be applied to real-world problmes and situations.

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?

I hope to learn more about this class and my classmates as the semester progresses along.  